[Music]
everyone's been talking about you in a
way you're saying you toss this salad I
mean I've never even heard of dressing
someone salad we were only gone for like
a minute
yeah that's long enough for weight
you're here as a part of God's plan his
spirit moved each of you to sign up for
this retreat
[Music]
hi Alice right yeah welcome it's okay if
you think things are totally weird I'm
gonna need your cell phone and watch you
all be needing a watch this week in any
way because you're on Jesus's time Alice
this retreat isn't gonna do you any
favors if you're not honest so have you
ever felt turned on I bet you actually
did toss weed salad quick the act I am
friends with a pervy psycho don't you
not that way yeah you know the truth is
nobody knows what they're doing any more
than the rest of us what are you doing
you're all hiding stuff all kinds of
stuff
your body is a gift from God you need to
honor it
everybody say Jesus Christ
[Applause]
[Music]
you